*image of pentagon*

Overseer - Vorkhal, the black star - Cosmic, arcane, void, knowledge
1 - Thyriak, the stormforged (tyrant) - Metal, Lightning, militaristic, order
2 - Izimiora, the life-spire (Mother of thorns) - light, life, balance, growth
3 - Sculpter of flesh (Glut, the hungerer) - Flesh, decay, pestilence, undead
4 - Ozaan, the rolling tide (The stagnant) - water, deep, unheard voices, unseen, lunar (**)
5 - Ezkorel, the ashen witness (same name) - fire, cleansing, rebirth, destruction


Vorkhal, as the overseer, gave instruction to gods and relayed the will of the creator, he is sucked off into a another dimension in his search for knowledge of the void, cosmic and arcane. Centuries pass and the perceprtion of the will of the creator is distorted, each gods idea of the will slowly misaligns from one another and this leads to the unravelling

Thyriak, The Stormforged Tyrant
Thyriak was a powerful entity, his body was pure energy and buzzing lightning, as the unravelling progressed his form and shape became unstable, through his troubleshooting process, he ended up using magnetic plates to hold himself together. He tried to maintain the army and defence protocols set to him long ago, knowing his supply of the Magnesis() was dwindling, he was worried his armies would be left with no direction or meaning, preventing the upkeep of order and sending the universe into disarray. As time progressed his desperation grew, his workflow of laws and rules strewed. The once fair judgement had become brutal and swift and his armies rampaged as he sought for more binding materials to keep himself alive. And thus he became, the tyrant.

Iximora, Binding of Thorns
Iximora was a beautiful tower of elegance, light shone wherever she passed and plant life flourished. She was able to raise fauna with the flick of the wrist and her blossoming artworks were revered. With the lack of direction from the overseer, Iximora's light struggled to radiate in the darkening world. What we're once artworks become defences, Walls of vines and brambles summoned from the ground as an emotional reaction to the destruction of the world. As her tears fell into the ground, plants rose and encased her in a cocoon in the hope of weathering the storm till the unravelling had settled. Her conscience continues to influence the growth of vines and thorns in the world, Empires strangled, civilisations suffocated and rogue fauna warriors fighting in the name of their mother.

Glut, The Hungerer, 
Glut was once known as the sculptor of flesh, he was tasked with populating the world with his unique powers. His form was part flesh part fluid by which he would extract parts of his own body and create life, mostly in the manner of humanoids and animals. After Regeneration time, he would re-evaluate the populations based on his guides and start again and kept a healthy population of all. When the guidance stopped, he continued to make life as he felt fitted the past criteria, but as the world developed and became more civilised everyone was living longer and Glut was slowly overpopulating the world. To fix this, he tried something he had never done before, reverse the process. He began reabsorbing his creations in an attempt to address fix the issue. Little did he know at this point it would be his inevitable demise, a few absorbtions lead to a few more, then a few more and so on. His body after centuries of exhausting regeneration was creating an addicted to absorbing as much energy as it could. Not too soon after, he became insatiable, and he was then crowned by most, Glut the Hungerer.

Ozaan, The Rolling Tide,
Ozaan was different from the others, he was never seen, only heard, his echoes in waves crashing and waterfalls raging. The others underestimated abilities, thinking his lack of involvement in the world was a disgrace to his creators and they power they granted him. Ozaan however seen it differently, he quietly kept watch as things progressed and only sent murmurs when a nudge in the right direction was needed. The rest of his energy was spent keeping the flow of water moving, even without a guide speaking to him for centuries, he knew what had to be done. The issue in the end though, wasn't his understanding of his role, it was his integrity. Left to his own devices for so long had him questioning why he had been left alone, why is he still working for someone who had abandoned him and this lead to why should he bother. This was reflected in his whispers, they became inconsistent, meaningless and stopped guiding the world the way he had before, some whispers even intentionally causing problems, simply for his own entertainment. Most of his water now lay still minus this that naturally run, they, like him, have become stale and stagnant. This is why he is known as, Ozaan, The Stagnant.

Ezkorel, The Ashen Witness
Ezkorel was entrusted with arguably the most altering powers, he was a phoenix of bright and vibrant colours that flew overhead. A feather shed over areas that he deemed unworthy, a failure of the other gods work. When the feather landed it was immediately a roaring tempest of flame devouring and removing any "impurities" from creation. Then from the ashes left behind, this we're granted the power to reborn anew, to live again with the reminder of past transgressions to never make the same mistake again. As the great unravelling developed, she was spending more and more of her feathers on burning anyone or anything unworthy. The toll on her body became so great she burst into a hurtling fireball and blitzed off towards the horizon. There has been no sightings of her since, only this story of her deeds passed down generations to this day. Some believe she will be reborn from her own flames and will once again start cleansing us as she once did before. 