*image of pentagon*

Overseer - Vorkhal, the black star - Cosmic, arcane, void, knowledge
1 - Thyriak, the stormforged (tyrant) - Metal, Lightning, militaristic, order
2 - Izimiora, the life-spire (Mother of thorns) - light, life, balance, growth
3 - Sculpter of flesh (Glut, the hungerer) - Flesh, decay, pestilence, undead
4 - Ozaan, the rolling tide (The stagnant) - water, deep, unheard voices, unseen, lunar (**)
5 - Ezkorel, the ashen witness (same name) - fire, cleansing, rebirth, destruction


Vorkhal, as the overseer, gave instruction to gods and relayed the will of the creator, he is sucked off into a another dimension in his search for knowledge of the void, cosmic and arcane. Centuries pass and the perceprtion of the will of the creator is distorted, each gods idea of the will slowly misaligns from one another and this leads to the unravelling

Thyriak, The Stormforged Tyrant
Thyriak was a powerful entity, his body was pure energy and buzzing lightning, as the unravelling progressed his form and shape became unstable, through his troubleshooting process, he ended up using magnetic plates to hold himself together. He tried to maintain the army and defence protocols set to him long ago, knowing his supply of the Magnesis() was dwindling, he was worried his armies would be left with no direction or meaning, preventing the upkeep of order and sending the universe into disarray. As time progressed his desperation grew, his workflow of laws and rules strewed. The once fair judgement had become brutal and swift and his armies rampaged as he sought for more binding materials to keep himself alive. And thus he became, the tyrant.

Iximora, Binding of Thorns
Iximora was a beautiful tower of elegance, light shone wherever she passed and plant life flourished. She was able to raise fauna with the flick of the wrist and her blossoming artworks were revered. With the lack of direction from the overseer, Iximora's light struggled to radiate in the darkening world. What we're once artworks become defences, Walls of vines and brambles summoned from the ground as an emotional reaction to the destruction of the world. As her tears fell into the ground, plants rose and encased her in a cocoon in the hope of weathering the storm till the unravelling had settled. Her conscience continues to influence the growth of vines and thorns in the world, Empires strangled, civilisations suffocated and rogue fauna warriors fighting in the name of their mother.

Glut, The Hungerer, 
 
